Update the instructions for updating the conda package (#448)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: MAINTENANCE.md

Grab a zip file from the Github release and upload to Zenodo using the previously
reserved DOI.

### Updating the conda package

When a new version is released on PyPI, conda-forge's bot automatically creates version
updates for the feedstock. In most cases, the maintainers can simply merge that PR.

> If changes are needed to be done manually, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If changes need to be done manually, you can:
```

1. Fork the [pygmt feedstock repository](https://github.com/conda-forge/pygmt-feedstock) if
   you haven't already. If you have a fork, update it.
2. Update the version number and sha256 hash on `recipe/meta.yaml`. You can get the hash
   from the PyPI "Download files" section.
3. Add or remove any new dependencies (most are probably only `run` dependencies).

> 4. Make a new branch, commit, and push your changes **to your fork**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make a new branch, commit, and push the changes **to your personal fork**.
```

Just so we don't accidentally make one on the organisation anymore :wink:

5. Create a PR against the original feedstock master.

> 6. Once the CIs are passing, merge the PR or ask a maintainer to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once the CI tests pass, merge the PR or ask a maintainer to do so.
```
